---
layout: post
current: post
cover:  assets/images/anonymize.png
navigation: True
title: Privacy Analysis of Data Anonymization
date: 2020-11-01 10:00:00
tags: [research]
class: post-template
subclass: 'hidden'
author: jeffmur
---

Summarize use cases, and T-Mobile’s interest
With T-Mobile having a growing interest in releasing Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI) for research, they must go through their legal team to verify the request of distributing data with academia and other untrustworthy third parties. For them to achieve this solution, our cohort was tasked with investigating the viability of anonymization techniques and recommending necessary actions to release the information. 

Research Assistant Interest & Contributions
As our research assistant, Jeffrey Murray, a Cybersecurity Engineering graduate student, worked diligently to produce two presentations for T-Mobile partners and deliver a white paper. His interest for this project was to investigate a large body of literature for effective anonymization of CPNI. His investigation of anonymization included: numerous mechanisms, contemporary research problems, and case studies of successful and failed public distributions of sensitive data. He contributed by organizing the reference manager, appending applicable research papers, presenting his findings, and iterative development of a landscape paper. 

RA current interest
He transitioned his focus to Call Detail Records. His findings lead him to present day research in the utilization of machine learning models to obfuscate, classify, and anonymize spatio-temporal data. {Introduce LTSM and Adversarial Learning}

TODO WHENEVER
